Chore: Proofread RIF Storage User Guides (#537)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/marketplace/guide/getting-started.md

![UserGuide - Confirm Transaction](/rif/marketplace/guide/images/userguide-confirm-transaction.png)

>  5- Wait until the required amount of confirmations are received. A **confirmation** message will be displayed once the domain is successfully purchased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 5- Wait until the required amount of confirmations are received. A **confirmation** message will be displayed once the domain has been successfully purchased.
```
